Add note about problems in newer gpg versions for sharing credentials with devcontainer (#7329)
microsoft/vscode-docs: remote/advancedcontainers/sharing-git-credentials.md

To apply your configuration changes, you need to rebuild the container. You can do this by running **Dev Containers: Rebuild Container** from the Command Palette (`F1`). The next time the container starts, your GPG keys should be accessible inside the container as well.

>**Note**: If you used `gpg` previously in the container, you may need to run **Dev Containers: Rebuild Container** for the update to take effect.

### Note on GPG >= 2.4.1 and use-keyboxd

As of GPG version 2.4.1, fresh installations use `use-keyboxd` by default, which changes how keys are managed. Instead of using `pubring.kbx`, keys are maintained by the `keyboxd` process.

Visual Studio Code expects `~/.gnupg/pubring.kbx` to exist for accessing GPG keys. This can cause issues because, with `use-keyboxd` enabled, `pubring.kbx` is no longer used, making the keys inaccessible to your Dev Container.

> #### Temporary Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To continue using `pubring.kbx`, you can disable `use-keyboxd`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following temporary workaround to disable `use-keyboxd` and continue to use `pubring.kbx`:
```

> 1. **Export your keys**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export your keys
```

   ```bash
   gpg --export > all-keys.asc
   gpg --export-secret-keys > all-secret-keys.asc
   ```

> 2. **Disable `use-keyboxd`**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Disable `use-keyboxd`
```

>    Edit the configuration file `~/.gnupg/common.conf` and comment out the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   Edit the configuration file `~/.gnupg/common.conf` and comment out the following line:
```

   ```plaintext
   use-keyboxd
   ```
   Change it to:
   ```plaintext
   # use-keyboxd
   ```

> 3. **Import your keys back into `pubring.kbx`**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Import your keys back into `pubring.kbx`
```

   ```bash
   gpg --import all-keys.asc
   gpg --import all-secret-keys.asc
   ```

> This ensures that your GPG keys are accessible within your Dev Container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing these steps, your GPG keys are now accessible from within your dev container.
```
